      The accurate definition and powerful evaluation modeling of the various generalized Fermi-Dirac and Bose-Einstein functions remain a challenging problem in various areas of physics. In this study, we develop a general analytical technique for accurately calculating logarithmic and double Fermi-Dirac and Bose-Einstein functions. The obtaining analytical formulae are established by considering the binomial expansion theorem. The obtained expressions are valid in chemical potential values between -∞<μ<0 and have been designated as explicit form features, high precision, and less computing time. The calculation results are tabularly illustrated to show the consistency of the analytical relations analysis under the effect of parameters. Based on a comprehensive analysis of the results, they are potentially useful in applications to evaluate thermionic emission and astrophysics problems. In this work, for the first time, we have proposed analytical relations of the double and logarithmic FD and BE functions to get more accurate simulation in the range of chemical potentials -∞<μ<0.
Program Summary
Program name: Logarithmic and double FD and BE functions
Programming language: Mathematica
Operating system: Mathematica 11.0 (Free Trial)
Nature of problem: The programs calculate the logarithmic and double Fermi-Dirac and Bose-Einstein functions for arbitrary values of parameters. Both the Fermi-Dirac and Bose-Einstein functions play crucial roles in understanding the behavior of quantum systems, particularly in condensed matter physics, particle physics, and cosmology. They provide insights into phenomena such as electrical conductivity in metals (Fermi-Dirac), and the behavior of dilute gases at ultra-low temperatures, including Bose-Einstein condensation. 
Solution method: Obtaining the series expansions of the logarithmic and double Fermi-Dirac and Bose-Einstein functions in terms of binomial coefficients, hypergeometric and Gamma functions
Restrictions: The results obtained by the present programs show well numerical stability for values of chemical potentials -∞<η≤0.
  
